HOW TO READ UPLOADED FILES

**1. Data.xslx**

The tab "overall" summarizes the internal and external consistency scores, as well as sets out some key metrics of each AMS' economic context.

The tabs "internal (python)" and "internal (WCopyfind)" record the respective percentages of each of the two FTA file being compared in unique pairs for each AMS. The percentage in bold beside each AMS is the average of these percentages.

The tabs "external (python)" and "external (WCopyfind)" record the percentage of the AFTA (right column) that is comprised of the bilateral FTA (left column) being compared. The percentage in bold beside each AMS is the average of these percentages.  

**2. WCopyfind results**

This folder contains all the automatic reports generated by WCopyfind for both internal and external consistency scores.
The file "matches.html" opens in the default browser a summary of all pairs being compared. The columns "Perfect Match" and "Overall Match" are identical. 
The whole number depicts the total number of 6-gram words that are common in both FTAs being compared. 
The %L and %R reflects the percentage of the left file and the right file that is composed of these common 6-grams. 
The column "View Both Files" opens in the default browser a comparison of both left and right files side-by-side with all common 6-grams highlighted in red. 
The columns "File L" and "File R" opens in the default browser the individual file with with all common 6-grams highlighted in red.
The remaining files in the respective folders are the hyperlinked files in "matches.html".

**3. python results**

The python scripts executes the same comparison as Wcopyfind and presents the results as .csv files, which have been renamed for clarity from the default file name in the scripts.
